


1. check the title
2. click on about --> click on sponsor us -> click on -- learn more about sponsoring selenium (URL correct or not)
3. Social media links in footer (all links)
4. Download links working or not
5. documentation has text or not
6. Click on selenium -- home directed or not
7. search - about this documentation
8. check pagination- Check 
9. check in documentation - code snippet copy working or not
10. check language
11. check all menu items

- Language changing or not



Manual Test Cases

1. test case 11
2. test case 12
3. test case 13


Test Case 20: More news - Button UI

Objective: Ensure that padding and margin given to buttons are acceptable. 

Steps: 

1. Open a web browser. 
2. Navigate to selenium.dev home page
3. After scroll down in the page, observe Button (More news) 
Expected Result: 

- Padding buttom is missing in the button. 

Status: Pass 

Comments: 

- According to UI standards there should be visible white space between kinds of different elements

Test Case 19: Verify Selenium Logo Redirects to Homepage 

Objective: Ensure that clicking the Selenium logo on the website redirects users back to the homepage. 

Steps: 

1. Open a web browser. 
    

2. Navigate to any page other than the homepage on the Selenium website. 
    

3.  Find the Selenium logo on the page. 
    

4. Click on the Selenium logo. 
    

5. Verify Redirection to Homepage. 
    

Expected Result: 

- Clicking the Selenium logo on any page redirects users to the homepage of the Selenium website. 
    

Status: Pass 

Comments: 

- Verify that the logo is clickable and that the redirection works from different pages of the site. 
    

- Ensure that the homepage loads completely and correctly after clicking the logo.




16
17
18
