## Introduction

All things
- understanding node js
- Modules (user defined Module)
- Built in modules
- Node js internals
- npm node package manager
- CLI tool
- Misc

## Chrome vs V8 Engine

- V8 is Google’s open source high-performance JavaScript and WebAssembly engine, written in C++

- V8 compiles and executes JavaScript source code, handles memory allocation for objects, and garbage collects objects it no longer needs.

- JavaScript is commonly used for client-side scripting in a ==browser==, being used to manipulate Document Object Model (DOM) objects for example. The DOM is not, however, typically provided by the JavaScript engine but instead by a ==browser==. The same is true of V8 — ==Google Chrome provides the DOM==. V8 does however provide all the data types, operators, objects and functions specified in the ECMA standard.

- V8 enables any C++ application to expose its own objects and functions to JavaScript code. It’s up to you to decide on the objects and functions you would like to expose to JavaScript.

- v8 open source js engine dev by Google chrome
- spidermonkey - by mozilla
- javascriptCore - apple
- Chakra - microsoft

## Intro to Node JS

- **JavaScript Runtime:** ==Node.js is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine==. It allows developers to execute JavaScript code on the server side.
    
- **Event-Driven:** Node.js is ==designed to be event-driven and non-blocking==, making it suitable for handling concurrent operations with high efficiency.
    
- **Single Threaded:** ==Node.js uses a single-threaded, event-driven architecture, but it can handle concurrent tasks efficiently through events and callbacks==.
    
- **NPM (Node Package Manager):** NPM is the package manager for Node.js, providing a vast ecosystem of open-source libraries and tools that developers can easily integrate into their projects.
    
- **Asynchronous I/O:** Node.js is particularly well-suited for applications that require ==asynchronous I/O operations==, such as handling many connections simultaneously.
    
- **Cross-Platform:** Node.js is cross-platform and runs on various operating systems, including Windows, macOS, and Linux.
    
- **Server-Side Development:** Its primary use case is ==server-side development==, enabling the creation of scalable and high-performance network applications.
    
- **Libraries and Frameworks:** Node.js has a rich ecosystem of libraries and frameworks, with popular choices like Express.js for building web applications.
    
- **Real-time Applications:** Due to its event-driven nature, Node.js is often used for building real-time applications, such as chat applications and online gaming platforms.
    
- **Open Source:** Node.js is an open-source project, fostering a collaborative community of developers who contribute to its growth and improvement.

## Hello world

```js
console.log("====================================");

console.log("Hello");

console.log("====================================");
```

helloworld.js

> to run `node helloWorld.js

a folder where (node) is run- becomes web server


